---
layout: post
title: 15 interesting numbers from Maxwell Engineering in 2022
author_avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1410662?v=4
author_name: Rutul Davé
author_github_username: stockandawe
---

As we wrap up another calendar year at Maxwell, I took the opportunity to review and reflect on the accomplishments and learnings of the past year from our Engineering team. To get a flavor of what the team was up to this year, here is a look at some interesting numbers from Maxwell Engineering in 2022. 

These numbers tell just a small part of the Maxwell story in 2022. I am grateful to get to work with incredibly smart and humble team members who enjoy building great software together.

## 16,594

The <mark>number of files that were changed</mark> in the repository of our largest web app.

## 535,419

The <mark>number of lines of code inserted</mark> in the repository of our largest web app.

## 403,021

The <mark>number of lines of code deleted</mark> in the repository of our largest web app.

## 1076

The <mark>number of PRs created and merged</mark> into the `main` branch of our largest web app this year.

## 279

The <mark>number of epics that we completed</mark> with our partners in Product Management and Design.

## 171 

The <mark>number of support tickets</mark> we helped our Customer Support partners resolve for our users.

## 726

The <mark>number of bug fixes</mark> that we deployed to our apps.

## 75

The <mark>number of Playwright tests</mark> that run on each build for end-to-end testing of our largest web app.

## 65.3 GB

The <mark>current size of the production database in our data warehouse</mark> that holds the data the powers various analytics and reporting features in our products.

## 2.03B

The <mark>total number of rows in the production database in our data warehouse</mark>.

## 35

The <mark>number of unique contributors this year</mark> in the repository of our largest web app.

## 117

March, 2022 with 117 commits, was <mark>the month with the most merges</mark> in the `main` branch of the repository of our largest web app.

## 259

Tuesdays in 2022, with a total of 259 merges, was the <mark>day of the week with the most number of merges</mark> in the `main` branch of the repository of our largest web app.

## 222

The <mark>number of releases created</mark> this year for our largest web app.

and last but not least, 

## 2,958

The <mark>number of messages posted in the #eng-random Slack channel</mark> where we mostly share memes with each other.

With that, 2022 is a wrap. Looking forward to 2023 and beyond. 

Onward and upward!



